---
layout: post
title: CS371P Week Ten
---

__What did I do this week?__ This week I had very little that absolutely needed to get done, so my partner and I tried to get started on Darwin as early as possible. We were unsuccessful, however. We did not end up actually starting until Saturday. We got a fair amount of work done, but we definitely should have started a little earlier. This week in class was very relaxed as well. On Wednesday, we had speakers from Pariveda talk to us about their company, so we didn’t have a quiz, and on Friday class was cancelled to encourage us to attend the fiftieth anniversary of UTCS ceremonies. 

__What’s in your way?__ This week I have an algorithms test on Wednesday followed the project in this class being due the next day. Additionally, I have Finance homework due on Sunday, so I have to make sure I’m handling all my work in a timely manner this week. 

__What will you do next week?__ Next week I need to alternate working on Darwin and studying for my algorithms test, which are on Thursday and Wednesday, respectively. After those are done, I’ll have to get started on my finance homework, which is due on Sunday. I am looking forward to doing Darwin, because so far it’s my favorite assignment. It seems like it will take a little more time than the others, but I don’t think it should be too ridiculous. 

__Tip of the week__ Professor Downing has been having us make estimations for the time taken for the projects, but estimating other tasks in your life can be very helpful as well. If you estimate the time you’re taking for a task like doing the dishes, and you find that you’re going past your estimation, next time you might plan to allocate more time for it. In the event that you finish faster than expected, now you have some free time carved out.
