---
layout: post
title: CS371P Week Six
---

__What did I do this week?__ Compared to last week, this week was incredibly relaxed for me. Last week I had assignments due in three of my classes: Algorithms, Info Retrieval and Web Search, and Object Oriented Programming, but this week, I didn’t have an assignment in any of those classes. I had a test in Algorithms on Wednesday, but I had ample time to prepare for it thanks to the rather relaxed week with regards to assignments. 

__What’s in your way?__ Both my Info Retrieval assignment and the OOP test are on the same day next week, so I’ll need to make sure I manage my time carefully throughout the week so that I don’t end up needing to finish the entire assignment the night before the exam when I should be studying or sleeping.

__What will you do next week?__ Next week I have a test in this class, Object Oriented Programming that I need to prepare for, and I have an assignment due in Info Retrieval and Web Search. I don’t really expect the assignment to take a very large amount of time, but I’m sure it won’t be a nontrivial amount of time either. I don’t really know what level of difficulty to expect from the OOP exam. I feel reasonably decent about most of the concepts we’ve covered in the class, but I can see myself forgetting the implementations of some of the algorithms we’ve covered. The setup of the test is also something completely new to me. I’ve never had a Canvas based test to be taken on a computer. I think it’s something that should be adopted by more professors in the future when they want us to write code on the tests, which Professor Downing already told us we would be doing. I’m looking forward to seeing how the test format works out and also to being done with the test.

__Tip of the Week:__ Learn by teaching. It’s been said over and over again that the best way to learn something is by explaining it to someone else, so I know I’m not being very innovative with this tip of the week, but it’s still true, so I think pointing it out again has some value.
