---
layout: post
title: CS371P Week One
---

__What did I do this week?__ Professor Downing seems to, thankfully, be the type of professor that is not a fan of wasting time. Day one in his class introduced a few significant differences between C++ and Java, and it was clear from the beginning that we would have to work hard to do well in this class. The most distinct part of Professor Downing’s class was him cold calling students from his roster randomly. Very few of my professors since coming to college have shown that level of interest in our performance as individuals, so I’m rather excited to have a professor that seems to care so much for our performance as individuals.

__What’s in your way?__ I don’t have very much experience with C++, so although I don’t think I’m the only one that’s never touched that language, I feel like I have a bit more in my way than the folks that have had a bit of experience with the language. C++ seems to have more quirks than any language I've ever worked with, so I think getting familiar with the language will be a bit of a struggle.. Despite it being an obstacle, though, I’m really looking forward to learning a new language.

__What will you do next week?__ During the first week of school, which usually isn’t a full five days, I tend to find myself doing a lot less than I should, but that laziness isn’t something that I allow myself to extend past that first week. Now that the first week of school is over, I’m planning to stay ahead of class, partially so that I don’t get embarrassed by being unprepared if Professor Downing cold calls me, but mostly so that I can stay prepared for this upcoming semester.

__Tip of the Week:__ The best advice I've ever received was not to be afraid of failing. The first time I received that advice was during my in
