---
layout: post
title: CS371P Week Nine
---

__What did I do this week?__ This past week I had a test in info retrieval, the OOP project was due, and I had algorithms homework. However, all three things were pretty well spaced out. The exam was on Tuesday, so the last day that I was studying for it was Monday, then Tuesday and Wednesday I was doing the algorithms assignment, and then my partner and I had made a lot of progress with the OOP project prior to the start of the week, so we only needed a few hours to write some unit tests and make sure everything was turned in correctly. We did most of the work to finish up OOP between Wednesday night and Thursday. I also had some finance homework due that Sunday, so I was able to do that over the weekend. All in all, it was a fairly productive week despite not being too stressful.

__What’s in your way?__ I don’t know if I’d really say anything’s in my way. I’m a little nervous about the next OOP assignment being due the day after my next algorithms exam, which I’m not even nearly prepared enough for, so my partner and I are planning to start very early this week, but I think we’ll be able to handle it. I also need to stop neglecting interview prep the way I have been. I definitely underprepare for interviews, so that’s something that I really regret now that I’m interviewing with Google on Thursday.

__What will you do next week?__ Next week, as I mentioned, my partner and I will be starting this algorithms assignment, I will hopefully study for my algorithms exam, and I will be interviewing with Google. This week doesn’t have a lot due, so I really need to make sure that I take advantage of it, rather than allow next week to become super stressful. 

__Pick of the week__ After I told my roommate that I had an interview with Tumblr, but that I’d never used it, she showed me that it’s actually a pretty entertaining social media platform. It kind of reminds me of Twitter with more media and primarily meme based, and I’ve really been enjoying browsing it. I’m sure a ton of y’all have already used Tumblr, so it may not be a very interesting pick for y’all, but I suggest giving it a shot.
