---
layout: post
title: CS373 Week Three
---

__What did I do this week?__ I was a little busy this past week. I had enough to do that I was never really doing nothing, but I didn’t have so much to do that I was stressed out. For one thing, Collatz was due on Thursday for this class, but I had done quite a bit of work on it prior to this week, so I didn’t have that much left on it. After Professor Downing adjusted the requirements for the assignment, I had to add about 30 minutes more to the time I’d spent on it, but it still wasn’t much of a . Another thing I had to do was finish a homework assignment and a project for software design. So far, the class hasn’t been very hard, but I feel like it’s taken more time than I’ve expected. I also used this week to get started on my programming for performance class, in which the homework is due Tuesday of next week. In between those assignments, the computer science interest fraternity that I am a member of, Lambda Alpha Nu, held our first rush events of the semester, so I spent a bit of time attending those.

__What’s in your way?__ In this class, I don’t think anything is really in my way. I’ve done the Netflix assignment in OOP, so while I’m sure using Python will come with its own challenges, and it was the project that I did most poorly on last semester, I don’t think it should be too much of a problem for me, assuming it’s almost the same assignment. My programming for performance homework, however, is stressing me out quite a bit. I didn’t get as much of it done this week as I would’ve liked to have, so I hope I can get a significant portion done over the weekend.

__What will you do next week?__ Next week, I will have another software design homework and project due on Thursday and Friday, respectively. As I mentioned earlier, the class has taken up a bit more time than I expected, so I really want to get started as soon as I’m finished with my programming for performance homework so that I don’t fall behind at all. I also plan to knock out a very significant portion of Project 2 during this week whenever I have time.

__What's your experience of the class?__ My experience in class is still very positive, but I wasn’t a big fan of a couple things that Professor Downing did during this week. Wednesday evening, Professor Downing let us know that he did not want us using only our meta cache to solve the problem. I think this is a very fair requirement, but I do not think it was fair that this requirement was added the day before it was due. Adjusting my code to fit the new requirement didn’t take very long, and overall, I was not very personally affected. It messed with how I had planned my time, though, as I was fully prepared to submit the assignment a couple hours earlier. More significantly, I noticed one student had mentioned on Piazza that he had finished early because he wasn’t sure how much internet access he would have during the submission period, so although I don’t know him, I would assume he was very inconvenienced unless Professor Downing reached out to him personally to make some kind of exception. I also wasn’t a fan of the quiz that was opened for 6 hours that we were informed about through Piazza. Once again, I was not personally victimized, as I happened to open Piazza during that time, but I’m sure for students who worked late, as someone pointed out on Piazza, this wasn’t really fair. Nevertheless, I still really enjoy Professor Downing’s class, and I still think Professor Downing is a very fair professor overall. 

__Tip of the Week:__ Lose weight quickly by eating raw pork or rancid tuna. The subsequent food poisoning/diarrhea will enable you to lose 12 pounds in only 2 days. Credit to [these guys](http://www.corsinet.com/braincandy/hlife5.html) for the great advice.
