---
layout: post
title: CS373 Week Five
---

__What did I do this week?__ Last week was pretty easy for me; I had a test in software design, and the next programming for performance assignment was released, but other than that, I didn’t really have much to do. I tried to get started on programming for performance early because so far I’ve struggled a little bit with getting them done on time, and this one looks like it’ll be the hardest one so far. I also tried to spend some time studying for my software design test that was on Thursday, but I find studying for that class really difficult, and I think I was a little underprepared.

__What’s in your way?__ : I don’t really think anything is in my way right now. I expect Professor Batory to assign something to us this week in software design, so maybe that will end up in my way, but neither the test in this class nor the programming for performance assignment are likely to cause any real problems for me.

__What will you do next week?__ Next week I’m going to spend some time preparing for the exam in this class on Thursday, and I’m going to make sure I put in enough work on programming for performance so that I’m not struggling right at the end again. Some of the input files that we’re running our code on are very large, so running the code might take a pretty long time, and Stampede could have a lot queued up at the time, so I need to be sure it’s done well before the deadline.

__What's your experience of the class?__ My experience of the class still hasn’t changed very much; I really enjoy Professor Downing’s teaching style, and I think the material is useful and interesting.

__Pick of the Week:__ Future dropped another album last Friday, “Hndrxx,” and the consensus is that it’s better than the one he released a week before it, self titled “Future.”
