---
layout: post
title: CS373 Week Two
---

__What did I do this week?__ Most of the work I did this week was for my software design class, in which I had both homework and a programming assignment due. However, I also took some time out to put in some work on Collatz. After a bug that initially had me stumped for a little while, I didn’t have much trouble finishing up the code to pass all of Hacker Rank’s tests. I also finished most of the unit tests, so all I really have left if finishing up the acceptance tests.

__What’s in your way?__ I don’t really think there’s anything in this class that’s in my way so far. I’m nearly done with Collatz, so I don’t expect myself to be too stressed about getting the assignment done before it’s due. This week, the first programming for performance assignment is being released, so depending how demanding it is, I might have it standing in my way.

__What will you do next week?__ Next week I plan to finish up my assignments for all my classes besides programming for performance so I can give that class’s assignment enough time if it seems like it may be time consuming.

__What's your experience of the class?__ So far my experience of this class is very similar to how I felt about OOP. I really like the way Professor Downing takes us through the best practices to use for the language he’s teaching in, and I think his teaching style is very engaging and fun. The jokes that he sticks in his class from time to time really help keep the class enjoyable, and I almost never find myself bored in class.

__Tip of the Week:__ Be on the lookout for a good tip/pick of the week during the week, so you don’t spend several minutes searching “tips for success” or “life tips” on Google before you can post your blog for the week.
