---
layout: post
title: CS373 Week One
---

__What did I do this week?__ This past week I was juggling my schedule around a little bit. I didn’t end up in this class until Thursday afternoon, and I wasn’t even on the waitlist for it until Tuesday, I think. It’s quite a pain to figure out which classes have waitlists that are moving and which waitlists aren’t moving at all. In the end, though, it worked out pretty well for me this semester.

__What’s in your way?__ I don’t think I have very much in my way right now. My classes might start sneaking up on me if I neglect them, but I’m not very busy right now. I have a couple assignments due next week, but nothing that I’m really concerned about at this time.

__What will you do next week?__ Next week, I will get started on Collatz, along with doing some of the assignments I have for other classes. I haven’t looked at it yet, but it looks like Professor Downing decided to use neither UVa nor Kattis for the assignment this semester, so I’m curious about the nature of this one. After having done two Collatz assignments in OOP last semester, I don’t expect this one to take very much time. 

__What's your experience of the class?__ I missed Wednesday's class because I was added to the class on Thursday, so I only attended Friday’s class which was very similar to my experience of Professor Downing’s OOP class. Professor Downing is the type of professor who shows you the optimal way to write even the simplest looking functions and methods. My Python is a little rusty, but I’ve always really enjoyed programming in Python, and I’m looking forward to using it extensively in this class. Hopefully I’ll pick up some of the subtleties of the language that I’m sure Professor Downing is going to show us.

__Tip of the Week:__ Learning keyboard shortcuts for the IDEs that I use most frequently has made a huge impact on the efficiency of my work. It’s easier to stay focused if your fingers don’t have to leave the keyboard to do things like finding a file or switching tabs. I know it’s not a super ground breaking or intriguing tip, but I think it’s worth mentioning.
